Create ui-c8y-1020-6-1-repository-device-tabs-updated-to-only-show-unfinished-operations-in-their.md (#2265)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1020-6-1-repository-device-tabs-updated-to-only-show-unfinished-operations-in-their.md

---
date: ""

> title: Repository device tabs updated to only show unfinished operations in their views. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6699)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Repository device tabs only show unfinished operations
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3758
version: 1020.6.1
---

> Repository device tabs updated to only show unfinished operations in their views. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6699)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the repository device tabs showed already completed operations that may differ from the currently installed item. With this change, the repository device tabs have been updated to only display active operations in their views.```

> Repository device tabs updated to only show unfinished operations in their views. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6699)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, the repository device tabs showed all operations, including finished ones, which could make it difficult for users to identify ongoing operations that required attention. With this change, the repository device tabs have been updated to only display unfinished operations in their views. This improvement streamlines the user interface and allows users to quickly focus on the operations that are currently in progress, enhancing overall usability and efficiency when managing devices in the repository.
```

> Previously, the repository device tabs showed already completed operations that may differ from the currently installed item. With this change, the repository device tabs have been updated to only display active operations in their views.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the repository device tabs in the device details showed already completed operations which could differ from the currently installed items. With this change, the repository device tabs have been updated to only display active operations in their views.
```

> Previously, the repository device tabs showed already completed operations that may differ from the currently installed item. With this change, the repository device tabs have been updated to only display active operations in their views.```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the repository device tabs showed already completed operations that may differ from the currently installed item. With this change, the repository device tabs have been updated to only display active operations in their views.
```

Reviewer 2: @dafkk What is meant with repository device tabs? Where? In the device details?

Reviewer: Repository device tabs are tab in the device details yes for all repository tabs - software device tab, firmware device tab, configuration device tab and device profile tab.
